Competitive Advantages 
There are various advantages that arise whilst following the success of the information system, one being that calls will be more cost efficient because numbers are dialed automatically by the system rather than hiring specific employees to do so and thus, the quantity of these calls will significantly improve. This improvement in the quantity calls will undoubtedly enhance the level of customer satisfaction, as they are no longer waiting long periods in the queue and hence, will be less likely to hang up. Additionally, another advantage includes being able to easily access customer details as it enables employees to utilise the script generated by the system to interact with customers in a customised format and thereby, heavily increasing the chances that the customer is willing to purchase a holiday package. Resultantly, due to this customised style of serving customers, profits and sales are bound to improve exponentially.

Furthermore, other advantages of a successful information system to the call center include being able to share and process information faster across different departments. By being able to process information faster and in a clearer manner, customer data and information is less likely to be compromised and mixed up with other customers and hence, leads to a strong security framework. Another advantage, includes being able to prioritise customers who are likely to purchase again by pairing them with the highest rated managers. As such, by being able to prioritise these customers further increases the chance that they are going to purchase a holiday package and thus, increases company profit.

Possible effects if project fails
The largest impact that will occur if the project fails would be a loss of resources and wasted time spent whilst trying to implement that project. This loss in resources and capital, would most likely result in a cut in operational expenses and thus, reduce the efficiency of serving customers which would lead to a significant decrease in the level of customer satisfaction. Stemming from this increasing customer dissatisfaction, the company should expect some damages to their reputation for failing to meet customer needs such as processing their travelling applications. Resulting from a deteriorating reputation, the company is bound to experience lower levels of profits and may potentially lose the trust of business partners.

Another product of a failing project would be the potential decline of employees' motivation levels as they are less likely to work efficiently due to having a decreased income from reduced company expenses. This declining motivation is most definitely bound to promote a careless work habit which may potentially cause a breach of privacy and a leakage of customer information. Thus, leading to customers losing confidence in the trustworthiness and credibility of the company.
